Every explosion these contestants survive
will win the group $10,000.
But it won't be easy,
because they're gonna go up against
some of the deadliest explosions
ever made.
Like this castle made out of
50 million blocks of TNT,
This rocket ship set
to explode in outer space,
and even this world ending nuclear bomb.
But first, we're gonna start off with
a single block of TNT.
- Oh!
- Oh, my gosh!
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait, was it that easy?
Oh, it really was just a single block.
Shocker: Everyone survived, and I will now
add $10,000 to the prize pool.
Next explosion!
I'm scared.
Oh, no…
Oh, my God, look up!
What? What?
Run, run, run, run, run!
Let's go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Oh!
No!
Run!
Wait! I'm alive!
I'm still alive!
What was that?
Is that how the dinosaurs felt?
Look how much damage that did!
Looks like everyone survived!
Congratulations. You all survived
once again. Next round!
- Uh-oh.
- Oh, gosh.
Every single one of you
survived the first two rounds.
But you didn't think it
would be that easy, did you?
Server, summon the $20,000.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow!
It is now decision time.
You guys can all vote to split the 20,000,
and the video ends here.
But if one of you says no to splitting it,
we'll go to another explosion.
And if you die in the next explosion,
you'll get nothing.
- Oh, gosh.
- Oh, no.
Yo, guys, I'm fine with 20,000, bro!
I'll take the money.
You could be greedy, and it could pay off,
or it could not. Start the vote!
I don't want to split it.
Continue.
Continue playing!
Listen, I'll split! I'll split!
This has been light work so far!
Come on! Move on!
All right. The votes are in.
All of you but one decided to keep going.
Kamorah!
Oh, okay. Oh, man…
Let me show you what you're up against.
Server, fire the cannon!
Wait, the radius is insane!
Yeah, that's crazy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna be going
until the entire city is destroyed.
Start the challenge!
Oh, no!
Run!
Go, go, go!
Oh, I'm so anxious! I'm gonna be
telling my therapist about this.
Fire the cannons!
Oh! It bounced!
Wait, it's bouncing around. Oh!
Yo, go this way!
This just, is this is always promising!
Yeah. Go this way. Go this way.
If I get to high ground,
maybe I'll be able to survive.
Wait, you're right, you're right!
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
I'm following you.
Wait, why are they hiding in
the buildings? Is that the move?
What if it lands on top of the building?
Yeah, I don't know if, I don't know if
being in a tower is the right idea…
Oh, here comes one now!
Here it comes!
It's coming! Watch out!
No! Run!
No!
Wait! Oh, my God!
What do we do?
We're stuck in the pit.
Oh, you're about to die.
What are you doing?
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Look at the air. Look at the air.
Run! Run, run, run, run!
Wait, wait, wait.
We can get to the high ground!
This looks like the safest spot.
I feel like everybody is comin' up
over my space now.
I'm gonna have to get out of this corner.
Just keep going.
Just keep going. Just keep going.
Watch in front, in front,
in front, in front!
That hit me pretty good.
Oh, I took damage from that, too!
You guys have lost
a quite a bit of your HP.
Oh! Watch out!
Oh! Oh! It's fine, it's fine!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
There's, like, nowhere left to go!
Lock in, Moo! Lock in!
I'm locking in!
Should we get in the hole?
Like, I don't know what's a good idea!
Low-key, maybe we hop in the hole.
Whoa, no, we don't!
No!
Thirty grand gone just like that…
These are the final bombs.
You're almost done. Don't die.
No! I have no words.
Oh, no!
Stay over here!
Watch out!
Run, run, run, run, run!
Behind you! Behind you!
No!
On the very last bomb.
It's funny that the one person that voted
to split the prize pool ended up dying.
I feel so bad!
Moment of silence for
the four players that passed away.
All right, well, that's not as much
sympathy as I thought.
Let's go to the next round!
Next round!
Contestants, if you look down,
you'll see a massive rocket ship.
And with this context,
you guys are now gonna have to vote.
There's a $30,000 prize pool
that you could all evenly split,
which would equal $5,000 each.
That's a lot.
Oh, my God.
I'm Canadian, so that's like
$10,000 for me. I'm just saying that.
Before you lock in your votes,
look at all the dead people
to your left and to your right.
I'm in a skeleton sandwich.
You could join them in this next round
and walk away with zero dollars.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.
This is a tough one.
I know what I gotta do.
Oh, my God! Guys, guys…
Server, reveal the results!
Well, well, well!
Willis!
Willis, do you not remember what happened
to the last person who voted to stop?
I'm Canadian.
$5,000 is so much money in my currency!
Living in a poor country
must suck, Willis.
Whoa! MrBeast Gaming
does not condone that message.
Yeah, that's messed up, dude.
For this next challenge, you'll be given
a bow with unlimited arrows.
And if you turn around, you'll notice
that you're tied to that rocket ship.
All you have to do is hit
all 5 targets in front of you,
and your rope will vanish.
The player who fails
to hit all of their targets
will be dragged by that rocket
into the sky
and exploded into a million pieces.
Start the challenge!
Go, go, go! Hurry!
Last one to finish dies!
It's gonna be me. It's gonna be me.
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, my God! Please Lord,
or whoever is lookin' above me right now.
C'mon, please!
Please, please, please, please!
Captain, you keep missing.
You kinda suck at this.
I can't hit it!
Why is this impossible?
There you go!
C'mon.
BTMC, do you hate
being in this competition?
Oh, my gosh, it's just the last one.
I got it! Yes!
Oh! BTMC's safe!
Yes!
Oh! You're no longer tied in!
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon…
What's going on? My arrows!
Yes!
Oh! All right, three remain.
Oh, my God!
Mama, mama!
Oh, my gosh…
it's totally me.
C'mon, Lunar!
I'm lockin' in. I'm lockin' in!
Aim higher! Higher!
I got this.
Yes!
Yeah, you did it!
Two remain, two remain!
Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God,
oh, my God, oh, my God, …
C'mon.
C'mon!
Yes!
Uh…
Michela!
You put up a good fight, girl!
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
I, like, don't even know
what to think right now.
Michela, no!
They called me "Michelle-ah."
I'm so cooked.
Oh, wait, it's "Mi-kay-la".
You're right.
Hey, from now on,
she's known as Michela.
We said Michela's name wrong,
and she shot the targets wrong.
Wow!
And with that,
let's go to the next vote.
Uh, this is a scary vote, bro…
It is time for the $40,000 vote.
Chandler, how much money does that mean
they'd each win if they voted to quit now?
$8,000, Jimmy.
Whoa!
Guys, 8,000, like guys.
Like, in all honesty—
$8,000. Like, please.
Like, you know.
But look at the map!
What if this is a easy one? Look.
Yeah, this could be, like, a 2-in-3
chance of surviving. Look at it.
Would you really wanna roll those odds?
Oh, my… It's $8,000, bro!
I think you guys get it by now.
Are you gonna vote to keep going for
more money or stop the video here?
I wanna keep going.
Uh, dude, I'm starting to shake, man.
Yeah, my hands are really shaky.
All right, the votes are in.
Server, reveal their decisions.
Whoa!
Ah, Willis, again, man!
Guys, it's $8,000!
Since four of you decided to keep going,
that we will do.
Everyone, you need to pick a team.
Pink, blue, or yellow?
Yeah, I'm going yellow.
Yellow, yellow, yellow!
- Hey, Willis!
- I'm happy with you on my team, bro.
I'm on Team Pink!
Everyone has decided their teams.
Two people chose yellow, two people
chose blue, and one person chose pink.
That only makes it
more impressive if I win.
Will everyone please direct
their attention to the ten-minute timer?
When that timer starts, 100 bombs
are gonna spawn all around the map.
At the end of the ten-minute timer,
whatever circle
has the most TNT in it will explode.
All you have to do is pick up a bomb
and throw it in the section
that you wanna explode.
Keep in mind, nobody
actually has to lose this challenge.
You could all work together and
throw the bombs in the white section,
meaning nobody gets eliminated and
you'd all move on safely.
Oh.
What?
Start the game!
Oh, you're joking!
Uh-oh.
Oh!
Oh, my God, throw it over.
Okay, what if we just throw it to purple?
Okay. Okay. This feels like sabotage.
Oh, Yellow threw one in yours!
Wendi, is your plan to
dump 'em all into purple?
Uh, it is now. Yeah.
I gotta go fast.
If I can just move
them all to the edge
and then move them all out at all
at the end, I think I can do it.
Dude, don't feel like
you're alone in this, man.
What? Just because
you're the only person on this team?
Listen, it's me versus
the world right now, Karl.
If I can somehow clutch this up,
I will literally go down in history.
You're not getting past!
I'll catch every TNT you throw!
Sendin' it over!
Got it!
There's too much in the white,
we gotta throw more in!
Oh, I'm startin' to feel guilty.
This is a MrBeast video.
I cannot feel guilty.
Guys. Right now,
there's 58 bombs in the white space,
so technically,
no one's gonna blow up.
So you either need to continue to put
it in the white
or go team up on somebody.
Yo, purple. Yo, BTMC. Yes or no?
Oh, we got it! Oh, let's do it!
Let's do it, let's do it!
Everyone versus yellow.
Come on, let's go, blue, let's go!
All right, I guess that's it.
I guess that's it! That's the call!
Keep it up, keep it up, keep it up!
Go go go go go!
Hey, whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Hey! Stop! Yellow!
Throw them out, quick! They're teaming!
Blue and pink have teamed up
to take out yellow!
Oh, my gosh. Yellow has the most bombs
in their circle now, this is insane.
Yellow! We gotta get them out of ours.
We have so many. No!
Whoa. We're two and a half minutes in.
You have seven minutes to get rid of
all these bombs, or you guys are dead.
I'm too lazy to run over there, man.
I don't know.
Too lazy? It's for $50,000.
As of right now,
yellow is goin' home!
Listen, listen.
I'm down to do the white.
If you all want to move on,
we can do it.
- Okay.
- Throw every bomb in white, please!
Yellow, I'm coming to
help you guys out!
Yellow!
Let's take 'em all out.
Get 'em in the white.
Get 'em in the white!
This looks very free.
Kalazar, I thought we were friends!
Why'd you switch up?
He went into yellow's thing and
he started throwing them out.
My best interest is
in the blue team, baby!
Yellow, I've never betrayed y'all!
I've never betrayed y'all!
We're all trying to do this together!
You had such a good thing
going for you.
Dude, you could've had a guaranteed
only three people left.
Oh, my God, I cannot believe
we cleared that pit. We had like forty.
Yellow team literally has zero,
and pink says 70 with two minutes left.
Puttin' the bombs in the area
that matches them the best, I would say.
I think this contrast
is really the most attractive.
100! Triple digits!
In the last 14 seconds,
pink, take the floor.
Why did you decide to
turn on your partners, blue?
I wanted all of us to win.
I thought if we threw everything into
the white, we could all move on.
But it seems like I was wrong.
You're now going home with nothing.
Blow him up.
Goodbye, everyone!
Oh, there he goes.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Let's move on to what could be
the most important decision
of these four remaining
contestants' lives.
$12,500.
That's what you could all walk away with
if you decide to end it now.
Server, start the vote!
Aw, dude.
Now we actually have to think about this.
This is going to be a TNT maze, bro.
Willis if you're willing to be transparent
how bad do you need this money?
I live with my grandpa. This money
will literally allow me to just go.
Like, it's like, this is life or death
for me at this point.
I'm voting to leave. I'm with you, bro.
It's up to those two over there.
Server… reveal the results.
Whoa!
No!
Willis, I did it for you!
I still appreciate you, bro.
I still appreciate you.
Half of you voted to stop, but half of you
voted to keep going, and that we will!
It's really simple. All you have to do
is make it to the bunker
on the other side of
this massive TNT maze.
Once a single player is safely inside,
a 60-second countdown will begin.
And when it reaches zero,
that bunker door will close,
and this entire TNT kingdom
will explode.
Oh, my God, if we stick together,
we're good.
Oh, come on, girl, I got this!
Hey, you found a flower.
Throughout the map,
you'll see flowers.
If you mine a flower,
you will win your mom a thousand dollars.
Thanks to DoorDash,
because they wanted to celebrate moms!
Guys, I love my mom.
Dude, I need my mom to love me!
And while these contestants
are busy giving back to their moms,
I'll tell you how you can easily
do the same,
by ordering your mom flowers
on DoorDash between now and Mother's Day.
I have one,
I have one!
I have two at the moment.
I have two.
And to make this even more fun, if you use
code MrBeast between now and Mother's Day,
you'll be entered for a chance to win
$1,000 from DoorDash to give to your mom.
Wait, Willis,
let me get that one!
Yo, should we go?
Willis, I'm not trolling.
We have to do it.
If we're going to do it,
we got to do it now.
DoorDash is focused on
giving back to moms this year.
Which is why they're also giving one
random lucky person who uses code MrBeast
an all expense paid trip to
the Bahamas for them and their mom.
Wait a minute. Wait.
Hold up. Oh!
We're goin' in.
We're goin' in, Willis, we have to!
Just go.
Just go, just go, just go, just go.
They just went in the bunker!
Whoa, wait, the other two people
aren't anywhere near it.
Are you serious!?
Is this the bunker?
Wait, I went the wrong way!
Thank you, DoorDash,
for sponsoring this video.
Guys, make sure
you download DoorDash,
order your mom some
flowers for Mother's Day,
and show your mom that you care.
Dude, the time's ticking.
You have to hurry!
I don't think I'm making this.
Do you feel screwed over?
I feel so screwed over!
I'm following the trail of empty flower
pots though hoping that gets me somewhere.
Whoa, whoa. Go, go!
Go! Go!
Is this the bunker?
It's right there!
Round the corner! Go, go!
Run for your moms!
Oh, no!
Oh, no, it's right there.
We were right there.
The door is closing!
Oh, the door! No!
Oh, man!
Over here, you can see how many flowers
the dead people collected.
Wendy died,
but not before she got her mom $5,000.
Kalazar's mom will receive $7,000.
Good, good, good.
Thank God.
Download DoorDash.
The least you could do is use DoorDash and
get her some flowers for Mother's Day.
Open the gate.
Oh, my God!
Dude.
Right around this area
was your other two competitors.
They saw the door slam shut in their face.
Oh, my gosh, they're playing trumpets.
Next round, next round, next round.
Look at all the fallen comrades.
Only you two remain.
Let's say you guys end it now,
and Willis, you walked away with 30 grand.
What would you spend it on?
Dude, I've been working like
14 to 15 hours every single day, man.
You have no idea how bad I just needed
something like this to happen in my life.
I also have always been wanting to
move out.
And finally, this would put the cherry on
top for me to finally make that move in.
All right, this is life-changing for you.
It really is.
Senny, before I ask
what you're gonna spend the $30,000 on,
why do you have a picture of
the lady from Incredibles behind you?
Let me show you an up-close.
So when I get hungry during like
streams and stuff, I take a bite!
You're gonna split
money with this guy, Willis?
If you win this 30 grand,
is it going to more Invinci-Woman?
My actual answer?
I'm gonna get my dad a safer car,
and I'm gonna invest into a clothing brand
that I've been working on.
So you guys both have some wholesome,
legitimate reasons for this money,
then this next decision is very important.
You can either agree to split the $60,000
or do one final challenge,
the winner of which,
I will wire $100,000.
Don't—you're doing this again!
You're doing this thing
where you're messing with our heads!
Senny, please. I beg you, bro.
Like I'm literally begging you.
Like, from the bottom of my heart.
Please.
I'm so serious. Willis, you have my word.
But a $100,000…
You're getting in my head!
Stop getting in my head! I'm not doin' it!
Senny. I'm locked in.
Senny, I'm locked in, bro.
I'm locked in, I'm locked in.
I promise, I promise!
Server, reveal the results!!
All right, it's over!
You both voted to end it.
And guys, if you're watching,
order your mom some flowers on DoorDash
and hit the Subscribe button.
I'll see you later.
Let's blow this thing up anyway.